---
layout: post
title: "Doomsday"
date: 2018-12-10
---


It can be a good exercise to list down all Black Mirror episodes and think which one is the closest to happen in reality. 
I went for a steak at a nearby restaurant today and had to wait for around 20 minutes to get a table because it was so damn packed. Now, as soon as we sat down the waiter quickly took my order and repeated to someone else : tenderloin steaks, well done. They served my order literally in 7 minutes and the meat was actually well cooked. 
So, it's actually impossible to cook a steak, leave alone well done, even rarest in less than 10 - 15 minutes. Obviously the meat was pre boiled / cooked (heck, probably the steak was cooked before and they warmed in a microwave). 
But I was fine. Most Mumbai restaurants do not know how to cook meat, in spite of being so close to Goa and filled with Malvani people. So the expectations are anyway low. As long as the meat is well cooked, not collected from a dump, and is salted (The steak was not, BTW), I don't complain.
Next I came home and opened Zomato, the restaurant has a rating of 4.4, and numerous reviews which rate them a perfect 5 out of 5. I looked for the low rating reviews and found the exact stuff I was thinking, talking about subtle differences in meat quality, types of steaks and their cuts, but they were very small in number.
Now, there are couple of possibilities, either I am being too snob; I can't possibly expect people to know about Flanks, Shanks and T-Bones where beef is banned, let alone Kobe. Or today was just one day when they pulled some tricks. OR, (this makes more sense to me), the general population is too scared to write their hearts out. If in the initial days of restaurant opening, you hire / pay off certain food-bloggers and reviewers (which Zomato heavily protests against) to write smooth-talks about your place, public follows it, and once the number of people rating highly reaches a critical number, the snowball effect occurs and people continue to rate highly. 
Nosedive, is the closest.